today movie is where the truth lies it's
a drama and mystery movie welcome to
mystery reboot in 1957 lanny morris and
vince collins are going to a new jersey
hotel owned by mob boss sally san marco
they are fresh off co-hosting a polio
telethon in a miami tv studio sally san
marco has overwhelmed them into making
an appearance in attempt to improve his
own impression after checking into their
new jersey private room they discover
the naked body of miami undergraduate
maureen o'flaherty in a bathroom which
was discovered immediately after their
entry in the summer time of 2010 maureen
was working as a waitress at the comedy
group's miami hotel that is also
operated by san marco she was already
studying the team for a story for her
school paper and had questioned them in
miami the day before she left according
to police there is no evidence linking
morris or collins to maureen's murder
which was formally referred to an
accidental drug overdose according to
the police report quickly after her body
is found the two men's comedy
collaboration comes to an end despite
their phenomenal success and mutual
reliance on one another's abilities
there are still many unresolved issues
for the detectives looking into
maureen's murder the most perplexing
element is how maureen's corpse managed
to make it from miami to new jersey at
the very same time that the comedians
have been on the road the movie picks up
15 years later with journalist karen
o'connor who managed to meet the team at
the same fundraiser illustrated in the
movie opening scene as a young polio
survivor o'connor receives a work to be
a ghost ride for vince collins official
biography a deal that will net collins
one million dollars which he desperately
needs karen promises to mrs o'flaherty
that she would still investigate the
circumstances surrounding the death of
her baby girl maureen the truth is that
she continues to receive secretly sent
sections from a manuscript that lanny
morris himself has published and makes
the project more difficult for her to
complete on a trip to new york karen who
has admired the comedians especially
after watching them for the first time
happens to meet morris who is joined by
his loyal valet reuben and management
irv by coincidence she joins a dinner
table with the group in order to
maintain her anonymity she identifies
herself as bonnie trout throughout the
lunch the name of her closest friend
with whom she has exchanged
the collins memoirs when collins asks
her to join him for an all-day
coordination meeting at his california
home and she discovers that morris would
be accompanying them things get
complicated almost instantly she
fabricates an excuse to avoid the
meeting but she runs into morris in the
road and her dishonesty is disclosed
during the course of the interaction
morris finds that she had already lied
about her identity and collins realizes
that the lady assisting him in writing
his autobiography is experiencing or
seems to have a relationship with his
former partner collins decides to
proceed with the memoir but sets up a
scenario in order to coerce karen into
turning away from the tale of mourinho
flaherty which has become karen's main
obsession in the last several months
collins fools karen into engaging in
sexual activity with alice a young
singer by getting her drunk and high and
then telling her that she had been
having an affair with her in
embarrassing poses he takes pictures of
the two female victims karen is warned
that only if she informs the publication
that there is nothing strange or illegal
about maureen's death the photos will be
made public karen learns that maureen
had covertly videotaped her encounters
with morris and collins and she
confronts maureen what truly occurred
that night 15 years ago is slowly
revealed the three had participated in a
three-way driven by drugs and alcohol
and at one point collins attempted to
have intimacy with morris who refused
with violence collins withdrew to his
bedroom where maureen attempted to
coerce morris into providing a sum of
money in exchange for keeping this
knowledge a secret in 1957 if collins
publicly revealed that he was bisexual
his pro career would have been over
morris attempted to pay maureen into
remaining silent but she insisted on
some more cash than he was capable or
willing to provide at the time collins
fainted out in his room morris dozed out
in his room and maureen slept out on the
sofa in the living area she was no
longer alive when he woke up the next
morning karen has started to piece
together the incident 15 years later
more of morris repairman reuben comes to
light for her with reuben's aid they
sneaked her body into the resort in new
jersey in a container full of lobster
that was a present from san marco while
both morris and collins were persuaded
that the other was responsible for
maureen's death the audio recording was
turned on throughout the evening but the
record has indeed been lost for over a
decade to make things even more
interesting ruben volunteers to create
the video he inquires of karen as to
whether her publishing firm will
compensate him for such recording and
then he asks for one million dollars
following up on her intuition karen
deduces that reuben was attempting to
bribe collins by requesting one million
dollars in exchange for remaining silent
about his bisexuality which had been
confirmed on video and possibly his
involvement in maureen's death collins
was just so inebriated and intoxicated
during that event that he had no
recollection of what occurred when
reuben was charged with murder he
demanded 1 million dollars in
compensation collins is essentially
doomed and he takes his own life as a
result morris is enraged at karen for
everything she has caused and karen
knows the solution to morris's puzzle
afterwards she approaches mrs o'flaherty
and informs her that she intends to
reveal the truth but only after an
innocent civilian has died a reference
to maureen's mother who'd be devastated
to discover of her child's actions which
led to her own tragedy like and
subscribe it helps check one of these
videos bye